Shit, we've already looked for this
Play us
I just brought you to find
Where they might go
I don't know where they are
What are you hitting me for?
All day
Time wasted on them both
Let's look elsewhere
Where else could they go?
The park is so big
May have already run away
Let's go first
Mengmeng hasn't come yet, wait a minute
Wait a minute.
We still have to wait for Mengmeng's colleague to pick us up.
Let's go first
If we don't go, none of us will live
I can't go, Brother Jun
You go first
I can hold you back
No, no, for you.
We can't escape
You listen to me.
I have a plan.
You tell them
I was thrown into a mass grave
So what did you do?
Yeah.
Another Tiantian was taken away by someone from Master Jiu Qin
As long as you can live
You will definitely save them, right?
But Brother Jun
It's too late.
I will definitely let you live